Add Anthropic prompt caching support (#3363)
pydantic/pydantic-ai: docs/models/anthropic.md

agent = Agent(model)
...
```

## Prompt Caching

> Anthropic supports [prompt caching](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/build-with-claude/prompt-caching) to reduce costs by caching parts of your prompts. PydanticAI provides three ways to use prompt caching:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anthropic supports [prompt caching](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/build-with-claude/prompt-caching) to reduce costs by caching parts of your prompts. Pydantic AI provides three ways to use prompt caching:
```

```python {test="skip"}
from pydantic_ai import Agent, CachePoint

agent = Agent('anthropic:claude-sonnet-4-5')

async def main():
    # Everything before CachePoint will be cached
    result = await agent.run([
        'Long context that should be cached...',
        CachePoint(),
        'Your question here'
    ])
    print(result.output)
```

### 2. Cache System Instructions

Use `anthropic_cache_instructions=True` to cache your system prompt:

```python {test="skip"}
from pydantic_ai import Agent
from pydantic_ai.models.anthropic import AnthropicModelSettings

agent = Agent(
    'anthropic:claude-sonnet-4-5',
    system_prompt='Long detailed instructions...',
    model_settings=AnthropicModelSettings(
        anthropic_cache_instructions=True
    ),
)

async def main():
    result = await agent.run('Your question')
    print(result.output)
```

### 3. Cache Tool Definitions

Use `anthropic_cache_tools=True` to cache your tool definitions:

```python {test="skip"}
from pydantic_ai import Agent
from pydantic_ai.models.anthropic import AnthropicModelSettings

agent = Agent(
    'anthropic:claude-sonnet-4-5',
    model_settings=AnthropicModelSettings(

>         anthropic_cache_tools=True

Reviewer: Let's call this `anthropic_cache_tool_definitions` to make it clear it has nothing to do with tool calls.

    ),
)

@agent.tool
def my_tool() -> str:
    """Tool definition will be cached."""
    return 'result'

async def main():
    result = await agent.run('Use the tool')
    print(result.output)
```

> ### Combining Cache Strategies

Reviewer: I think we can simplify the new docs by having only the following example, and listing the 3 options above as bullet points after the paragraph introducing the feature.
